**THIS APPLIES TO THIS UPCOMING RELEASE ONLY**

1.40 Changes:

This library will now be maintained by Yalek the Lembine and n2g7mutf8.  The reason for this active maintenance is to keep things fresh and up to date as much as possible.

This newest variant of SexyAppBase is also designed to fix the common problems that most users face when they use 1.30 and 1.34.

1st.  This framework is going to be replaced with the term "library".  So, please refer to this framework as a library.  

2nd.  The Popcap games license is no longer valid and has been ultimately ceased from this library.  The reason I had decided to do this was to get rid of restrictions that were in the 1.30.  It will now be under the GNU GPL.  Another reason is because electronic arts owns most of popcap now, except this library.  In essence, the entire github and opensource/FSF now has access to this library.  

This does NOT mean that other restrictions are actually still in place.

1. You cannot make this library spyware or malware.  

2.  This library is meant to be free of charge with no enterpise use.  If you do such a move, you must destroy the copy of your library at all costs.  You cannot charge for this library whatsoever. It is meant for the community, and is meant for free source code to those who want it, and is for those who want to figure out how popcaps coding philosophy works.  This restriction was created when the original 1.34 was sealed away from the public by a guy from Assembla Enterprises.  I am not allowing that ever again...


other changes:

this library will no longer need to be upgraded as several minor releases will be in the fashion of 1.40.x". with "x" To denote the revision of upgrades to the latest platform toolsets that are in windows.

This Library will also be in a .sln file for the user to build all the libraries without error. I would also switch configurations in the project properties to build specifically for the target channels (debug, release, and the widestring equivalents).

To do this, I had to unfortunately say goodbye to the original variants of SexyAppBase. The VS2005 variants are the only ones you can use. The VS2005s have been also renamed to VS2022 for these reasons as well.  We are also unfortunately getting rid of the Zylom and No Op configurations because these two configurations are no longer valid (Zylom was a norwegian legacy website that hosted popcap's games, but this site is still there, just not hosting "popcaps" games anymore, https://www.zylom.com/us/en/).  

To make this easier too, we have also decided to output every object and lib file into one single folder based on configuration, being the debug, and release. This way there is 0 clashes of output. 

FOR BASS, MP3, OGG, WAV, FMOD AND JPEG2000/J2K:

since this library will be completely open sourced under the GNU license, you now have most to complete control over these libraries source code due to patent expirations.  

The mp3 license has been revoked.  Mp3 is now an open standard from MPEG as of 2017.  All patents are no longer valid as of that year, therefore instantly making this standard completely open to the public for further development and modification.  

Ogg vorbis is still free as well, so no issues will spring up.  

Wav.  This is also an open standard from IBM (NOT MICROSOFT).

jpeg/J2K: While this standard has evolved greatly, jpeg group does not charge anymore licenses for people who want to use their code.  And as this library is now open, there is nothing to worry about.  

As for FMOD, you are still required to purchase their stuff, including licenses.  Especially for the demos and free software projects.

For BASS library, this multi purpose library is completely open for FREE SOFTWARE ONLY.  If you are going to charge for your game, you MUST purchase a commercial license for it.  


as for later versions of 1.40, perhaps 1.42, a new tutorial base will probably end up replacing the old tutorials that SureAndrew made for the turbot rhythm game (similar to FNF), and the hungarr planet shooter-feeding game.  These do still work on windows 11 as long as you follow these CAREFULLY.  Will they be deleted?  ABSOLUTELY NOT.  They will however be changed to meet the new syntax requirements, so expect comments to be changed or added on...

The new tutorials will end up using a clone like bejeweled/chuzzle, but with assets that I made.  The same syntax will be used for the resources such as the progress bar for the loading threads, however.  The tutorials will be focused also on making a minimalist, but powerful game based on what the 3 people did for us for the last 23 years.  The reason why I decided to follow this is because I want the public to understand how they ended up developing, in my eyes, the best game I have ever played in the 20 years ive been on this planet earth...

